README.md, before:

# CSC-32200-Software-Engineering
CSC-32200-Software-Engineering Spring 2020 @ The City College of New York 

Okay listen up team! Read these instructions very carefully:

# Development Enviornment Set up:
To clone this repository enter the following command: 

    $ git clone https://github.com/rehman000/CSC-32200-Software-Engineering/

Once the repository is created, you can navigate to the current working/project directory and 
in order to create a python virtual enviornment you may need to install it first, you can do so by entering the following command:

    $ pip3 install virtualenv

Now in order to create a Python Virtual Enviornment, enter the following command:

    $ virtualenv Virtual_Env_Folder_Name

The Convention is to name the directory as such:

    $ virtualenv env

Now that the Python Virtual Enviornment has been created you can activate it by entering the following command:

    $ source env/bin/activate
    
Now that we have entered the Python Virtual Enviornment to run the application enter the following command:

    $ python3 app.py

Commit message:

added additional instructions for windows systems

README.md, after:

# CSC-32200-Software-Engineering
CSC-32200-Software-Engineering Spring 2020 @ The City College of New York 

Okay listen up team! Read these instructions very carefully:

# Development Enviornment Set up:
To clone this repository enter the following command: 

    $ git clone https://github.com/rehman000/CSC-32200-Software-Engineering/

Once the repository is created, you can navigate to the current working/project directory and 
in order to create a python virtual enviornment you may need to install it first, you can do so by entering the following command:

    $ pip3 install virtualenv

Now in order to create a Python Virtual Enviornment, enter the following command:

    $ virtualenv Virtual_Env_Folder_Name

The Convention is to name the directory as such:

    $ virtualenv env

Now that the Python Virtual Enviornment has been created you can activate it by entering the following command:
For Unix/Linux Systems:

    $ source env/bin/activate

For Windows Systems:
    $ \env\Scripts\activate.bat

Now that we have entered the Python Virtual Enviornment to run the application enter the following command:

    $ python3 app.py
